[specs] Describe big diagram (#3203)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: specs/derivation.md

- The L1 [sequencing window][g-sequencing-window] for epoch `E`: the L1 blocks in the range `[E, E + SWS)` where `SWS`
  is the sequencing window size (note that this means that epochs are overlapping). In particular we need:
  - The [batcher transactions][g-batcher-transaction] included in the sequencing window. These allow us to
      reconstruct [sequencer batches][g-sequencer-batch] containing the transactions to include in L2 blocks (each batch
      maps to a single L2 block).
  - The [deposits][g-deposits] made in L1 block `E` (in the form of events emitted by the [deposit
      contract][g-deposit-contract]).

>   - The L1 block attributes from L1 block `E` (to derive the [L1 attributes de.posited transaction][g-l1-attr-deposit]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The L1 block attributes from L1 block `E` (to derive the [L1 attributes deposited transaction][g-l1-attr-deposit]).
```
typo?
